 Red Velvet Cake is a perfect delicacy to devour in! Red Velvet Cake is a famous American dessert recipe made with all purpose flour, icing sugar, almonds and cashews. American cuisine is known for its rich and creamy delicacies. Not only is this Red Velvet cake recipe delicious and easy, but at the same time it is amazingly eye-grabbing. Moreover, this cake recipe is very easy-to-make and can be prepared in just a few minutes by following a few simple steps given below. This easy cake recipe is a perfect sweet delight, which can be prepared at home with some easily available ingredients in your kitchen. Red Velvet cake makes for a delicious cake recipe, which can be made for special occasions and festivals like birthday parties, anniversaries, house parties, kitty parties, christmas, thanksgiving, easter to name a few. What makes this cake different from other cakes is its rich velvety coating, amalgamated with spongy cake and filled with creamy layers. If you are someone who just cannot resist sweet delicacies, but at the same time feel guilty for cheating your diet plans. Then you can simply tweak this delicacy by replacing regular sugar with stevia or sugar-free, this will make the recipe equally delicious and will reduce the calorie count. Another hack to make this dish more delectable and crunchy is by adding some crushed walnuts, this will give a nice twist of nuts to the cake recipe. Apart from that walnuts go pretty well with creamy delicacies. So next time you plan something special for your loved ones and want to treat them with something good, then prepare this easy Red Velvet cake delicacy and we bet they will be surprised with your amazing culinary skills.